Note how to update contributors' branches (#879)
grafana/writers-toolkit: docs/sources/write/tooling-and-workflows/index.md

If the changes don't conflict, you can use Git to incorporate the changes made to the default branch with yours without making any additional changes.

{{< admonition type="tip" >}}
You can also update a contributors' branch as long as the pull request shows **Maintainers are allowed to edit this pull request.**

> To do so, checkout the pull request branch with `gh pr checkout <PR NUMBER>`

Author: Good idea, I'll note that, we have installation instructions in a later section

> To do so, checkout the pull request branch with `gh pr checkout <PR NUMBER>`

Author: ```suggestion
To do so, first check out their pull request with either [Check out a PR branch](https://grafana.com/docs/writers-toolkit/write/tooling-and-workflows/#check-out-a-pr-branch) or [Check out a PR branch from a fork](https://grafana.com/docs/writers-toolkit/write/tooling-and-workflows/#check-out-a-pr-branch-from-a-fork).
```
